wazuh.yml update (#5502)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/config-file.rst

| **Allowed values** | true,false |
+--------------------+------------+

extensions.oscap
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Enable or disable the OSCAP tab on *Overview* and *Agents*.

+--------------------+------------+

> | **Default value**  | true       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Default value**  | false      |
```

+--------------------+----------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 0                          |
+--------------------+----------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any number starting from 0 |
+--------------------+----------------------------+

Logo customization
------------------

customization.logo.app
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Define the name of the app logo saved in the path ``/plugins/wazuh/public/assets/``.

+--------------------+----------------------------+
| **Default value**  | ''                         |
+--------------------+----------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any string                 |
+--------------------+----------------------------+

customization.logo.sidebar
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Define the name of the sidebar logo saved in the path ``/plugins/wazuh/public/assets/``.

+--------------------+----------------------------+
| **Default value**  | ''                         |
+--------------------+----------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any string                 |
+--------------------+----------------------------+

customization.logo.healthcheck
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Define the name of the healthcheck logo saved in the path ``/plugins/wazuh/public/assets/``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the name of the health check logo saved in the path ``/plugins/wazuh/public/assets/``.
```
